Add docs explaining how to deploy the NVIDIA operator (#203)
rancher/rke2-docs: docs/advanced.md

```
sudo apt install nvidia-driver-535-server
```
Then reboot.

If everything worked correclty, after the reboot, you should see a correct output when executing the command:

```
cat /proc/driver/nvidia/version
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="RHEL" default>

The NVIDIA operator is capable of installing the required drivers when not installed correctly in a very limited set of OS, which unfortunately, does not include RHEL9. Therefore, you need to use RHEL8 or RHEL7.

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

Once the OS is ready and RKE2 is running, add the NVIDIA Helm repository:
```
helm repo add nvidia https://helm.ngc.nvidia.com/nvidia && helm repo update
```

And install the GPU Operator:
```
helm install --wait --generate-name -n gpu-operator --create-namespace nvidia/gpu-operator --set toolkit.env[0].name=CONTAINERD_SOCKET --set toolkit.env[0].value=/run/k3s/containerd/containerd.sock
```
:::warning
The NVIDIA operator restarts containerd with a hangup call which restarts RKE2

> :::

Reviewer: Since this is helm, can we include an option of installing it via manifests?

Author: The GPU operator only supported installation is via Helm: https://docs.nvidia.com/datacenter/cloud-native/gpu-operator/latest/getting-started.html#prerequisites

Reviewer: We have a helm operator built into RKE2 though. We don't ever talk about using helm CLI anywhere in the current docs.

Wouldn't the helm chart just be
```
apiVersion: helm.cattle.io/v1
kind: HelmChart
metadata:
  name: gpu-operator
  namespace: kube-system
spec:
  chart: nvidia/gpu-operator
  targetNamespace: gpu-operator
  set:
     - tookit.env[0].name=CONTAINERD_SOCKET
     - toolkit.env[0].value=/run/k3s/containerd/containerd.sock
 ```

Reviewer 2: I would also probably encourage `valuesContent` instead of `set` though, since that's more extensible if they want to continue to set chart values.

```yaml
apiVersion: helm.cattle.io/v1
kind: HelmChart
metadata:
  name: gpu-operator
  namespace: kube-system
spec:
  chart: nvidia/gpu-operator
  targetNamespace: gpu-operator
  valuesContent: |-
     toolkit:
       env:
         - name:  CONTAINERD_SOCKET
           value: /run/k3s/containerd/containerd.sock
```

Author: > We have a helm operator built into RKE2 though. We don't ever talk about using helm CLI anywhere in the current docs.
> 
> Wouldn't the helm chart just be
> 
> ```
> apiVersion: helm.cattle.io/v1
> kind: HelmChart
> metadata:
>   name: gpu-operator
>   namespace: kube-system
> spec:
>   chart: nvidia/gpu-operator
>   targetNamespace: gpu-operator
>   set:
>      - tookit.env[0].name=CONTAINERD_SOCKET
>      - toolkit.env[0].value=/run/k3s/containerd/containerd.sock
> ```

Good point! That makes everything more cohesive

Author: @brandond When installing a chart using `kind: HelmChart`, there is no way to automate the creation of the `targetNamespace`, right? I see the error:
```
Error: INSTALLATION FAILED: create: failed to create: namespaces "gpu-operator" not found
```
I guess I need to specify that users execute previously: `kubectl create ns gpu-operator`

Reviewer 2: No, you can just do `createNamespace: true`. 

https://docs.k3s.io/helm#helmchart-field-definitions

```

## Deploy NVIDIA operator (experimental)

The [NVIDIA operator](https://github.com/NVIDIA/gpu-operator) allows administrators of Kubernetes clusters to manage GPUs just like CPUs. It includes everything needed for pods to be able to operate GPUs.

Depending on the underlying OS, some steps need to be fulfilled

<Tabs groupId = "GPU Operating System">
<TabItem value="SLES" default>

The NVIDIA operator cannot automatically install kernel drivers on SLES. NVIDIA drivers must be manually installed on all GPU nodes before deploying the operator in the cluster. It can be done with the following steps:

```
# Assuming you are using sle15sp5, if different, change the url accordingly
sudo zypper addrepo --refresh 'https://download.nvidia.com/suse/sle15sp5' NVIDIA
sudo zypper --gpg-auto-import-keys refresh
sudo zypper install -y –-auto-agree-with-licenses nvidia-gl-G06 nvidia-video-G06 nvidia-compute-utils-G06
```
Then reboot.

If everything worked correctly, after the reboot, you should see the NVRM and GCC version of the driver when executing the command:

```
cat /proc/driver/nvidia/version
```

Finally, create the symlink:
```
sudo ln -s /sbin/ldconfig /sbin/ldconfig.real

> ```

Reviewer 3: hopefully this workaround can be removed when https://github.com/NVIDIA/nvidia-container-toolkit/issues/147 is resolved.

Reviewer 2: That seems like a trivial thing to fix, I'm really surprised they haven't yet.

Author: thanks Mike!

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="Ubuntu" default>

The NVIDIA operator can automatically install kernel drivers on Ubuntu using the `nvidia-driver-daemonset`, although not all versions are supported. You can also pre-install them manually and the operator will detect them: 

```
sudo apt install nvidia-driver-535-server
```
Then reboot.

If everything worked correctly, after the reboot, you should see a correct output when executing the command:

```
cat /proc/driver/nvidia/version
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="RHEL" default>

> The NVIDIA operator can automatically install kernel drivers on Ubuntu using the `nvidia-driver-daemonset`. You would only need to create the symlink:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The NVIDIA operator can automatically install kernel drivers on RHEL using the `nvidia-driver-daemonset`. You would only need to create the symlink:
```

  - "MY_BAR=BAR"
kube-scheduler-extra-env: "TZ=America/Los_Angeles"
```

## Deploy NVIDIA operator (experimental)

The [NVIDIA operator](https://github.com/NVIDIA/gpu-operator) allows administrators of Kubernetes clusters to manage GPUs just like CPUs. It includes everything needed for pods to be able to operate GPUs.

Depending on the underlying OS, some steps need to be fulfilled

<Tabs groupId = "GPU Operating System">
<TabItem value="SLES" default>

> The NVIDIA operator is capable of installing the required drivers when not installed correctly in a very limited set of OS, which unfortunately, does not include SLES. Therefore, we need to install the NVIDIA drivers before deploying the operator.

Reviewer 2: I'm having a hard time understanding this statement. Is this what you're getting at?

```suggestion
The NVIDIA operator cannot automatically install kernel drivers on SLES. NVIDIA drivers must be manually installed on all GPU nodes before deploying the operator to the cluster.
```

Author: Thanks Brad. Probably it would have been better: `The NVIDIA operator is capable of installing the required drivers when not pre-installed correctly`. Your suggestion works as well
